Update import-flat-file-wizard.md (#10062)
MicrosoftDocs/sql-docs: docs/relational-databases/import-export/import-flat-file-wizard.md

> For content related to the Import and Export Wizard, see [Import and Export Data with the SQL Server Import and Export Wizard](../../integration-services/import-export-data/import-and-export-data-with-the-sql-server-import-and-export-wizard.md).

> Import Flat File Wizard is a simple way to copy data from a flat file (.csv, .txt, psv, etc.) to a new table in your database. The Import Flat File Wizard supports both comma-separated, other delimeters, and fixed width format files. This overview describes the reasons for using this wizard, how to find this wizard, and a simple example to follow.

Reviewer: Import Flat File Wizard is a simple way to copy data from a flat file (for example, .csv or .txt) to a new table in your database. The Import Flat File Wizard supports multiple delimiters, including commas, tabs, semicolons, and pipes, and also supports fixed width data. This overview describes the reasons for using this wizard, how to find this wizard, and a simple example to follow.

Reviewer 2: @erinstellato-ms Would you like me to help with replacing your paragraph with what's there?

Reviewer: @v-dirichards That would be much appreciated!  I know there is additional review required so I am never sure what changes I should make (apologies).

> Import Flat File Wizard is a simple way to copy data from a flat file (.csv, .txt, psv, etc.) to a new table in your database. The Import Flat File Wizard supports both comma-separated, other delimeters, and fixed width format files. This overview describes the reasons for using this wizard, how to find this wizard, and a simple example to follow.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Import Flat File Wizard is a simple way to copy data from a flat file (for example, .csv or .txt) to a new table in your database. The Import Flat File Wizard supports multiple delimiters, including commas, tabs, semicolons, and pipes, and also supports fixed width data. This overview describes the reasons for using this wizard, how to find this wizard, and a simple example to follow.
```
replacing text
